hi everyone this is part 1 of how to
play a thousand miles by Vanessa Carlton
in this part I'm going to be teaching
you the intro which is kind of like most
recognizable part of it anyway here it
is
okay so I'm going to take you over the
left hand first all the left hand is
going to be doing is playing some single
notes very simple it's going to start on
E and just start you know this is middle
C here so it's going to start on E that
it's going to go to f-sharp then e flat
then E and then that's just going to
repeat
like that so that's the left hand right
so this is the right hand now usually
when I do tutorials I explain each
individual note and I will tell you what
those notes are with a thousand miles
there are quite a few notes involved in
it so I won't be doing that instead what
I'll just be doing is playing it very
very very very slowly so I'm just used
to move that up a bit there zoom in a
little bit right okay so I'm gonna start
it off just the right hand and then I'll
add the left hand in in a little bit
here it is
laia play that once more for you
right okay so now I'm going to play it
with the left hand
once more with the left hand
right okay this is the next bit just the
right hand and again
now with the left hand and once more and
now I'm gonna play a little bit quicker
with the first part there it is
this is the next bit
once more now with the left hand
once more
right now I'm going to play all three
parts joined up together a little bit
quicker here we go
right then so that's it that's how you
play the intro of a thousand miles below
Vanessa Carlton subscribe please and
amatuer your friends list I hope I felt
thanks
you